# Class Documentation

Documentation for all usable classes is coming soon.

This includes but is not limited to: ExtendedMessage, ExtendedGuild, ExtendedChannel, Interaction, SlashInteraction, ButtonComponent, SelectMenuComponent, MessageComponent, ThreadChannel, ThreadMember, ButtonManager, SelectMenuManager, SlashManager, ThreadManager, ThreadMemberManager, Command, SlashCommand, SlashCommandBuilder, ArgumentBuilder, SubCommandBuilder, SubGroupBuilder, EvG, LegacyEvG, Interface, FancyMessage, EmbedMessage, MessageInterface, ReactionInterface, Paginator, Interpreter, MessageInterpreter, DMInterpreter, ReactionInterpreter, ButtonInterpreter (untested), SelectMenuInterpreter (unimplemented), GlobalSettings, LocalSettings, Sibyll (unimplemented), Handler, NodeElisif.

I am going to write documentation for all of these classes myself, with in-depth examples. As you can see, it will take a lot of time to do so, and I am going to complete this very slowly piece by piece. My main focus at the moment is to complete the Points and Games expansions, as well as creating the Moderation expansion.

If you're here reading this, I might as well give you a sneak peak of what the Moderation expansion might include! Moderation will be more powerful and easy-to-use than ever before, using the new slash commands system for all core mod commands and using the new buttons/dropdowns for simple input. I also have plans for stronger automoderation features than ever seen before in any of my bots! Automatic NSFW image detection, NSFW link detection, profanity detection, and even toxicity detection could be arriving with the Moderation expansion! Due to the vast nature of this expansion, and the numerous dependencies associated with it, I may create an entirely new package for the expansion and simply import it into this package.